The first thing I'm going to do is make sure that Kafka is up and running.
If I do ps-ef,
I don't see it, so I'm going to start Kafka.
The next thing I'm going to do is start Spark.
I'm going to say start-master.sh and copy the path to the log file.
Start-slave.sh. I need to cut the log file and get the Spark master,
copy that URI, start-slave.sh and pass that URI.
I think it's all ready running.
I'm going to say data/spark/sbin, stop-slave.sh.
Then I'm going to say home/workspace/spark/sbin/start-slave.sh and spark URI.
Now, Spark is running and Kafka is running.
Let's look at the solution.
We are creating a Spark session,
we're creating a Spark application named balance-events.
We're making the Spark log level "WARN".
We're reading from Kafka,
and we're reading from localhost 92.
That's our broker. Here's our topic.
We're setting our offsets to earliest and we're loading.
Now, we're going to convert the binary key and value from binary to strings,
store that in a DataFrame,
then we're going to write that DataFrame out to the console.
I'm going to copy the syntax to start this from the script.
I'm going to paste it in here,
and it's spark-submit --packages and then there's spark-sql-kafka JAR library,
and it's now going to be important to specify the script for running and go Enter.
I'm just missing my leading slash.
It's loading a bunch of JARs then it's starting Spark.
Now, it's running the Spark program.
We should see data from Kafka shortly.
There's the keys with the account number for the balance event,
and then the value is the actual balance.
We're gong to Control C and quit that.